Scene 1
Opening scene: at bar, AS orders a glass of milk, since he has a stomach ache. The bartender is a dapper fellow in a bow tie, with slicked back hair, and sporting a vest.  AS’s friend Hector shows up and scene changes to angled shot from the perspective of someone seated at the bar looking to their left.  Will see the rest of the bar table, a reddish wood, many bottles of liquor lined against the wall, some seating to the far left.  AS will be sipping from his milk and Hector will comment on it.
Hector: Are you drinking milk at a bar?! What the hell is wrong with you?
AS: Have I got a story to tell you...
Hector: Oh, hold that thought.  *checks phone* It’s a call from my lady friend, let me get this.  *Answers phone* Hey baby. Uh huh.  Yeah, I remember her. That’s perfect!  We can make it a double date.  Awesome, see you then.  *Puts phone away* My girlfriend is showing up and she’s bringing a friend we’d like you to meet.  Now, you were saying?

And the story begins...
scene: man walks away from check-in counter
walk to gate waiting area, notices hot chick
talks to himself, decides to sit at the end of the same row --- works his way towards her
litle child notices the weird man, mentions it to their mother, “ that man is weird, is he a pervert?. mother says don't be rude, weird people are everywhere. little continues to stare
AS straights up, he says the world is my oyster, i have the blood of dragons running through my veins. After hearing the comment, and walks up, only to sit one seat away from her.
Scene: Check In Lady: Your baggage has been checked in sir.  Have a safe flight.

A.S.: Thank you.

Scene: Shot of an airport waiting area.  Sea of seats visible, with a partial window view and a loading aparatus for an airplane visible through the window.

Arashiyama Shin: Ah~. There really is a lot of waiting of airports.  And the occasional delay or two.  Which really sucks if you miss a connecting flight, because then you have no idea when you’ll be getting to your destination. And unless you’re flying first class, the food isn’t all that great either..  But I'm going to California!  Yeah! Got into my first choice graduate program.  Not totally sure how I'm going to pay for all of it, they charge you a ton when you're not from the state, but I'm sure things will work out somehow.
Not feeling all that great today though, like I'm coming down with a cold or something..  I'd better stop by the conbini and get some medicine. Don't want my first day in America to be affected by something minor like being sick.  I should probably take extra.  Everyone knows the more medicine you take, the faster you get better...hold on a minute, that girl in the back…

*Cuts to a scene showing a pretty girl reading seated in a row in the back*

A.S.: Wow, she’s really pretty. She’s got a great figure, and those legs!  I bet she smells really nice too.  And I love me a woman who reads books!  I wonder what she’s reading...I think I’ll slowly make my way over there.

Scene: A.S. sits at the end of the same row as her, slowly skipping seats in an attempt to be unobtrusive. In the row right across the aisle facing them, there is a mother and her daughter.  The daughter, about 5 years old, notices A.S.’s unusual behavior, in spite of his attempts at stealth.

Little Girl: Mommy, that Onii-Chan is acting strange.  Is he a hentai chikan like you and Daddy told me to be careful of?

Mom: Tomomi!  That’s rude.  There’s weird people everywhere, you shouldn’t say those things out loud.

A.S. What the hell am I doing...I have the blood of dragons running through my veins!  The world is my oyster!  Mine!  A.S. decides to sit one seat away from her and he’s about to say hello to her…



Arashiyama Shin: Here we go. *swallows medicine* Hopefully this'll knock me out on the flight too.  I'd better head back to the gate.

Walks back to seating area, but notices that there’s a very beautiful young woman in the vicinity now, reading a copy of The Three Musketeers.  Since he’s not the boldest fellow, he decides to sit next to her, but with a seat in between.  Just as he says hello to her...an old man sits down between the two of them.
The Old Man engages in awkward non-stop conversation.
Old Man: Hello young man!  How nice of you to greet an old fellow...so many young people these days don’t show respect to their elders.  They ignore proper Confucian teachings, and know nothing of hardship.  Back in my day, we were lucky if we got two square meals a day.  Then the war came along, and if we received even that much, we’d consider ourselves lucky!  Did I tell you I was alive during the war?  Those were interesting times young man, interesting times indeed...
AS: Oh, please excuse me for a moment Uncle, I’m not feeling so well today.  My stomach is hurting; I believe I may be coming down with something. (ironic lie about stomach not feeling well)
Old Man: You need to treat your health importantly!  *yells at AS as he’s beating a retreat*

Switch to bar scene:

Hector: Why are talking about an old man, and not the sweet honey you described earlier?
AS: Clears throat, sips milk.
Hector: Slaps the glass of milk out of his hand, glass breaks. Bartender rushes to clean it up.
AS: Another cup of milk please. Warm this time.

AS continues story:
Walking around airport, killing time  -- comes across a foreigner who only speaks english,
Introduce game dynamic - asking how to connect wifi;
Pretty lady from the expensive chocolate store notices - That was awfully nice of you! I work right over there, and I couldn’t help but notice.  Here’s some chocolate as a reward! *flirtatious manner*

bar:
Hector: did you get her number?
AS: If you keep interrupting me asshole, I’m not giving you your chocolate.
Hector: So you didn’t get her number,
AS:  Another milk please?

Flag: ask number, yes or no, choices, nice guy or arrogant choice,
She declines:
Hissy fit or high road;
Mental flash of scene, decide not to tell friend in present,

Thanks the bartender: So anyways;

Scene 2
---Change to scene on plane----
Pretty Japanese Stewardess: Excuse me, sir?  Would you like something to drink?

A.S.: Huh?

Pretty Japanese Stewardess: Oh, I'm sorry! Did I wake you?

A.S.: Don't worry about it!  I'm glad you did; I'd hate to have missed you. You don't have to call me sir.  My name's Shin.

Naomi: Nice to meet you Shin. I'm Naomi. Most people don't introduce themselves to the stewardesses.

A.S. : Guess I'm not like most people.  At least I'd like to think that.

Naomi:  Hmmm.  Can I get you something to drink?  We have coffee, tea...or,
naomi invites AS for a drink,

A.S.: A drink with a pretty lady who appreciates whisky?  Unless i fall back asleep

Naomi:  giggles Ok!  Let me finish up.  I'll wave at you from over there when I'm done.  Don't fall asleep again!

A.S.: No problem.

A.S.: I can't even remember the last time I've had a chance with a girl that attractive.  Gets up walks to the restroom on the airplane, does 15 pull ups, takes off shirt, flexes in front of mirror. Yup, still got it. The lies we tell ourselves to keep on trucking.  She seems like a nice girl though.

Panics because of knock on bathroom door, puts shirt on inside out.


And I see her gesturing at me.  Time to get my whisky on.

Naomi:  Do you like your whisky neat or on the rocks?

A.S.: Make it a double on the rocks please.  Supposedly that messes with the natural taste of the beverage, but I prefer it to being room temperature.  Bygones and all that.

Naomi:  Oh, don't worry, I won't judge you too harshly.  I prefer mine on the rocks as well.  What shall we toast to?

A.S.: An amazing first meeting with many more wonderful things to come?

Naomi:  Cheers!

A.S.: *throws back the glass* Second round?

Naomi: Sure!  Here you go!

A.S.: : Wow, that is some good whisky.  What're we drinking?

Naomi: Just some 40 year old Glengoolie Blue.  *Archer reference!*

A.S.: Whoa, that's some primo shit.  I'm not sure how much it costs, but I am going to enjoy this.

Naomi: Oh, don't worry so much about minor details. More importantly....did you happen to notice your shirt is inside out,
A.S.: So can I take that as a sign that you’ve been checking me out?
Naomi: giggles wholeheartedly
A.S.: intentionally struggles with taking off his shirt,
Naomi attempts to help him out,
A.S.: wraps his arms around her, says i must of lost my balance from all that alcohol.

Scene change: Bar
Hector: welcome to the high mile club.
A.S.: ...and that is?
Hector: We Americans like to call people who have sex in airplanes members of the Mile High Club.
AS.: Oh okay, now i understand.  Remember the medicine I told you I took because i wasn’t feeling well?

Scene Change: Airplane
*Stomach gurgling*


A.S.: Um, I'm not feeling so great.  Wait a second...pukes all over Naomi.


******************cut into scene at bar************************

A.S.:...and that's what happened.


Hector:  Ahahahahaha!  You really fucked that one up, didn't you?  Buddy, women like that don't come along every day!

A.S.: Yeah, that makes me feel loads better.

Hector:  Hey, maybe you'll run into her again someday.  Though I'm not sure if that's a good or bad thing, considering what you just told me.

AS: *laughs awkwardly* Karmas a bitch. Flash back to lying to the old man.

A.S.:  Have you ever met some people, and felt sorta like you were already friends?  Like you'd been really good buddies in some previousl life?  It was like that with Hector. I met him when he was studying abroad at <insert Japanese university>.  He didn't speak a lick of the language, but inside of 3 - 4 months, he was able to sound like a native.  According to him, his motivation was "improving relations with the women of the Asia Pacific region." It's amazing how hard some people will work to get laid.  So I introduced him to the manager of the host club I worked at, and we started working together too.  Even though he had to move back after a year, we still kept in touch.  He’s putting me up at his place until my apartment is ready to move into in a few days.  He also insisted we meet at this bar, even though I only arrived a little while ago.  The guy doesn’t like to waste time.

Hector:  So since you're all depressed and mopey over that girl, I know exactly what you need yto feel better!

A.S.: Uh, should I be concerned?

Hector: If by concerned you mean excited over getting to rub yourself up at the club on a hot lady I’ll be introducing you to, then yes, you should be extremely concerned.

A.S.: Before that, I gotta take a leak.

Ask bartender where the restroom is ← game exercise
straight , make right and on your left.

Scene Change: Bathroom at bar

In bathroom, while peeing in urinal, random pothead pulls up to adjacent urinal and strikes up a conversation.

Pothead: Hey brah.

A.S.: Uh, hello.

Pothead: Gotta love that feeling of relief that comes from holding your pee in.

A.S.: Can’t say I ever thought about it, but yeah, I guess so.

Pothead: Sometimes, I hold my pee in just so I can feel that relief, cause it feels so damn good.

A.S. Is that right?  ( why the hell is this guy talking to me, shut the fuck up, i can’t concentrate.)
Pothead: Yeah brah, of course there’s always a chance you might piss yourself or something if someone makes you laugh or hits you in the stomach. You know what feels even better though?

A.S.: (I have the distinct feeling you’re about to tell me.) What’s that?

Pothead: When you hold a shit in, and then take one when you’re about to crap your pants. It’s even better than mediocre sex.

A.S.  Uhh, I’ll have to try it sometime. (This guy is a fucking idiot…)

Pothead: Hey, you’re a pretty chill guy.  You smoke pot?

A.S. No, never had the opportunity. Isn’t it a big deal to be caught with any?

Pothead: Nah, brah, everyone smokes that shit here.  Even the cops! Hell, just go see a doctor, tell them your eyes hurt, and they’ll give you a card for it.  Easy peasy, totally legal brah. But if you ever want to light up and chill, or need some for recreational use, let me know brah.  I’ve got some groovy Highway Star I can hook you up with, or if you’re more into the Sativa blend, then Gypsy’s Kiss might be your thing.  I’ve got a card here somewhere…

A.S. takes card, and notices that the fellow did not wash his hands, belt still unbuckled.  His card states:

Sasha Mandler
Curious Dealer of Curios
(408)555-5555

A.S.: Never know if you need a pot dealer.  Guess I’ll hang onto this for now.





comebacks from the restroom,
Notices Hector talking to two women, who look very good from behind.  Well dressed with all the right curves.  Well done Hector.  Now, to make sure I don’t screw this one up like I did the last time.


Naomi feigning ignorance of knowing A.S.
A.S. being confused by this, and entering a state of denial
At some point, Naomi gets upset and calls A.S. vomit boy and stalks off
Hector exclaiming “I’m gorgeous!” in response to something
A.S. talking about his overabundance of heart and passion
A night in the drunk tank scene
Car scene on the way to the club; host club flashback of Hector and A.S. singing Call Me Maybe with bitches
